Eurozone finance chiefs have warned of tough negotiations ahead as they meet to decide whether Greece's new reform proposals merit a third debt bailout.

Germany's Finance Minister Wolfgang Schaeuble said the talks would be "extremely difficult", while Eurogroup chief Jeroen Dijsselbloem said there was "major issue of trust" with Greece.

Greece's parliament overnight backed PM Alexis Tsipras's new proposals.

The plan includes measures rejected in last Sunday's referendum in Greece.

Some members of Mr Tsipras's own Syriza party voted against the proposals in anger at his apparent U-turn.

Follow the latest updates here

As the 19 eurozone ministers gathered in Brussels to discuss Greece's plans, many said they remained to be convinced that Athens would follow through on its proposals.

Analysis: Chris Morris, BBC Europe correspondent

Technical experts from the EU and the IMF have recommended that Greece's latest proposals for economic reforms and budget cuts can be a basis for negotiating a new international bailout.

That's an important step, and if approved it should be enough to prevent Greece sliding into bankruptcy. But eurozone finance ministers will also want to have their say, and opinion is divided.

Some countries are optimistic: they believe Greece has at the eleventh hour come up with a serious and credible plan. Others are much less certain.

A huge lack of trust has developed over the past few months, and there are grave doubts in many countries about whether Greece will ever implement many of these reforms even if they are agreed on paper.

Will a deal be reached?

Why did Greece hold a referendum?

Did Greeks really fail to pay 89.5% of taxes?

"There are many concerns, quite a bit of criticism both on the content of the proposals, but also on the even more difficult issue of trust," Mr Dijsselbloem said.

"How can we really expect this government to implement what it's now promising. I thing it's going to be quite a difficult meeting."

Mr Schaeuble was blunt: "We will definitely not be able to rely on promises."

France, which has been more positive towards Greece's latest proposals, said it would play a mediating role in Saturday's meeting.

But Finance Minister Michel Sapin conceded that ministers needed "to have confidence again, to have certainty that decisions which are spoken of are decisions which are actually taken".

The job of convincing the ministers has fallen to Greece's new Finance Minister Euclid Tsakalotos, who has replaced Yanis Varoufakis.
